GoogleSheets guide (#597)
wso2/ballerina-integrator: docs/content/src/learn/tutorials/saas-integrations/googlespreadsheet/backup-csv-files-using-googlespreadsheets/README.md

# Backup CSV Files Using Google Spreadsheets

Ballerina is an open-source programming language that empowers developers to integrate their system easily with the 
support of connectors. In this guide, we are mainly focusing on how to use Google Spreadsheets Connector to backup CSV (Comma Separated Value) files in Google Spreadsheets. 
You can find other integration modules from the [wso2-ballerina](https://github.com/wso2-ballerina) GitHub repository.

## What you'll build
The following diagram illustrates the scenario:

> <!--  Diagram needs to be added -->

Reviewer: We cannot push this to the live docs site without the image.

Author: I am waiting on Niroshika to send me the image. I will add this once I get it.

Author: Added image

Let's consider a scenario where a CSV file is uploaded to a newly created Google Spreadsheet. A new sheet is created in the spreadsheet with the current date as the sheet name. CSV content is added to the new sheet.

Then the new sheet is read and the content is displayed in the console to the user.

<!-- INCLUDE_MD: ../../../../../tutorial-prerequisites.md -->

> - Inorder to configure a Google spreadsheet client, the credentials to access Google spreadsheet needs to be obtained. Instructions on how to obtain the Credentials for the Google Spreadsheet can be found [here](https://docs.wso2.com/display/IntegrationCloud/Get+Credentials+for+Google+Spreadsheet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need to obtain credentials to access Google Spreadsheet in order to configure a Google Spreadsheet client. Instructions on how to obtain the credentials for the Google Spreadsheet can be found [here](https://docs.wso2.com/display/IntegrationCloud/Get+Credentials+for+Google+Spreadsheet).
```

Author: Done

<!-- INCLUDE_MD: ../../../../../tutorial-get-the-code.md -->

## Implementation

> The Ballerina project is created for the integration use case as explained above. Please follow the steps given below. You can learn about the Ballerina project and module in this link. 

Reviewer: What link?

Author: Added link

####1. Create a new project.
```bash
  $ ballerina new backup-csv-files-using-googlespreadsheets
```

####2. Create a module.
```bash
  $ ballerina add backup_csv_files
```

To implement the scenario in this guide, you can use the following package structure:

```shell
  backup-csv-files-using-googlespreadsheets
  ├── Ballerina.toml
  └── src
      └── backup_csv_files
          ├── Module.md
          └── uploader.bal
```
####3. Write the integration.
Take a look at the code samples below to understand how to implement the integration scenario.

#### uploader.bal

> The following code reads the contents of a CSV File and saves the data in a new Google Spreadsheet. The data is then read from the spreadsheet and displayed on the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code reads the contents of a CSV file and saves the data in a new Google Spreadsheet. The data is then read from the spreadsheet and displayed on the console.
```

Author: Done

<!-- INCLUDE_CODE: src/backup_csv_files/uploader.bal -->

## Testing
First, lets build the module. Navigate to the project root directory and execute the following command.

```bash
  $ ballerina build backup-csv-files-using-googlespreadsheets
```

This creates the executables. Now run the `backup_csv_files.jar` file created in the above step.

```bash
  $ java -jar target/bin/backup-csv-files.jar
```

> This will start the service which will read the data from the `people.csv` files stored in the resources folder. You will notice that the contents of the file have been set in the google sheet and the data will also display on the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts the service that reads the data from the `people.csv` files stored in the resources folder. You will notice that the contents of the file have been set in the Google sheet and the data will also display on the console,
```

Author: done
